Add documentation for running visualisation snapshot tests (#6088)
Qiskit/qiskit-terra: CONTRIBUTING.md

`make test` in order to run in a setup that replicates the configuration
we used in our CI systems more closely.

### Snapshot Testing for Visualizations

> If you are working on code that makes changes to any matplotlib visualisations 

Reviewer: our plan is to add circuit latex drawer to this schema at some point. So I think "matplotlib" is a bit too narrow. But "visualization" is a bit too wide (for example, circuit text drawer is a visualization that wont be not included).
 
```suggestion
If you are working on code that makes changes to rich visualisations 
```

Is that too obscure?

Reviewer: The rest of the explanation is very much focus on circuit matplotlib visualization. So probably is better as it is and then come back here to update as you tests are being added.

```suggestion
If you are working on code that makes changes to the circuit matplotlib drawer 
```

you will need to check that your changes don't break any snapshot tests, and add 
new tests where necessary. You can do this as follows:

> 1. Make sure you have pushed your branch with the latest changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have pushed your branch with the latest changes into your remote.
```

> 2. Go to link: `https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/<github_user>/qiskit-terra/<branch>?urlpath=apps/test/ipynb/mpl_tester.ipynb`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to link: `https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/<github_user>/<repo>/<branch>?urlpath=apps/test/ipynb/mpl_tester.ipynb`. For example, if your GitHub username is `username`, your forked repo has the same name the original, and your branch is `my_awesome_new_feature`, you should visit https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/username/qiskit-terra/my_awesome_new_feature?urlpath=apps/test/ipynb/mpl_tester.ipynb`.
```

> This opens a jupyter application running in the cloud that automatically runs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This opens a Jupyter Notebook application running in the cloud that automatically runs 
```

the snapshot tests (note this may take some time to finish loading).

> 3. If any tests fail you should see sets of 3 images for each failed test 
> (left: reference image, middle: your test result, right: differences):
>    <img width="995" alt="Screenshot_2021-03-26_at_14 13 54" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23662430/112663508-d363e800-8e50-11eb-9478-6d665d0ff086.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. 3. Each test should be a set of 3 images  (left: reference image, middle: your test result, right: differences). Passed tests are folded. If a test fails, you will see a situation like this one:
   <img width="995" alt="Screenshot_2021-03-26_at_14 13 54" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23662430/112663508-d363e800-8e50-11eb-9478-6d665d0ff086.png">
```

4. Fix any broken tests. Working on code for one aspect of the visualisations 
can sometimes result in minor changes elsewhere to spacing etc. In these cases 
you just need to update the reference images as follows:
    - download the mismatched images (link at top of jupyter notebook output)
    - unzip the folder
    - copy and paste the new images into `qiskit-terra/test/ipynb/mpl/references`, 
  replacing the existing reference images

>     - commit and push your changes, restart the jupyter app in your browser. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - add, commit, and push your changes, restart the Jupyter Notebook app in your browser. The 
```

Reviewer: Not fully sure if the binder env will update the branch. You might need to create a new env by visiting the link in step 2. This needs to be confirmed.

  tests should now pass.

> 5. Add new snapshot tests covering your new contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add new snapshot tests covering your new features or extensions.
```

    - add your new snapshot tests to `test/ipynb/mpl/test_circuit_matplotlib_drawer.py`
    , where you can also find existing tests to use as a guide.
    - commit and push your changes, restart the jupyter app in your browser. 
    As this is the first time you run your new tests there won't be any reference 
    images to compare to. Instead you should see an option in the list of tests 
    to download the new images, like so:

    <img width="1002" alt="Screenshot_2021-03-26_at_15 38 31" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23662430/112665215-b9c3a000-8e52-11eb-89e7-b18550718522.png">

    - download the new images, then copy and paste into `qiskit-terra/test/ipynb/mpl/references`

>     - commit and push your changes, restart the jupyter app in your browser. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - add, commit, and push your changes, restart the Jupyter Notebook app in your browser. The 
```

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-terra/pull/6088/files#r607731246
